[All Hosts] (debugging) complete the debugging story (#3536)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/debug-ui-less.md

---
title: Debug function commands in Outlook add-ins

> description: Learn how to Debug function commands in Outlook add-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use Debug function commands in Outlook add-ins.
```
Or lower case "debug" if it's a verb and not a command.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to debug function commands in Outlook add-ins.
```

ms.topic: article
ms.date: 07/11/2022
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Debug function commands in Outlook add-ins

> [!NOTE]

> > The technique in this article can be used only on a Windows development computer. If you're developing on a Mac, see [Debug function commands](../testing/debug-function-command.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The technique in this article can only be used on a Windows development computer. If you're developing on a Mac, see [Debug function commands](../testing/debug-function-command.md).
```

Author: I think the original is correct. What is limited is WHERE it can be used (Windows but not Mac), not WHAT you can do with it (use it but not admire it or eat it or ...).

> > The technique in this article can be used only on a Windows development computer. If you are developing on a Mac, see [Debug function commands](../testing/debug-function-command.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The technique in this article can be used only on a Windows development computer. If you're developing on a Mac, see [Debug function commands](../testing/debug-function-command.md).
```

## Configure and run the debugger

> Now that you've enabled debugging on your add-in, you're ready to configure and run the debugger. For instructions on how to do this, select one of the following options that applies to your webview control. (For information about how to determine what webview control is used on your development computer, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).)

Reviewer 3: Not sure the parentheses are needed, since this follows the previous sentence as a complete thought.
```suggestion
Now that you've enabled debugging on your add-in, you're ready to configure and run the debugger. For instructions on how to do this, select one of the following options that applies to your webview control. For information about how to determine what webview control is used on your development computer, see [Browsers used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).
```

> - If your add-in runs in the Edge Legacy WebView, see [Microsoft Office Add-in Debugger Extension for Visual Studio Code](../testing/debug-with-vs-extension.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your add-in runs in Edge Legacy WebView, see [Microsoft Office Add-in Debugger Extension for Visual Studio Code](../testing/debug-with-vs-extension.md).
```

Author: ```suggestion
- If your add-in runs in the embedded webview control from Edge Legacy (EdgeHTML), see [Microsoft Office Add-in Debugger Extension for Visual Studio Code](../testing/debug-with-vs-extension.md).
```

> - If your add-in runs in the Edge Legacy WebView, refer to [Microsoft Office Add-in Debugger Extension for Visual Studio Code](../testing/debug-with-vs-extension.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your add-in runs in the Edge Legacy WebView, see [Microsoft Office Add-in Debugger Extension for Visual Studio Code](../testing/debug-with-vs-extension.md).
```

> - If your add-in runs in the Microsoft Edge Chromium WebView2, see [Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)](../testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your add-in runs in Microsoft Edge Chromium WebView2, see [Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)](../testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md).
```

Author: ```suggestion
- If your add-in runs in the embedded webview control from Microsoft Edge Chromium (WebView2), see [Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)](../testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md).
```

> - If your add-in runs in the Microsoft Edge Chromium WebView2, refer to [Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)](../testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your add-in runs in the Microsoft Edge Chromium WebView2, see [Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)](../testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md).
```
